Okay, I had a student suggest a
refactoring here and I am actually going
to implement it because it's actually a
rather good idea. Because what I'm doing
here on line 44 to 54 is mixing the
reactive stuff out of reactive streams
and also Java 8 streaming stuff. So you
suggested can't we just do this all
natively with other reactive stream
stuff, so like I'm probably good and he
suggested refactoring. I actually looked
up pretty good. So I'm gonna go ahead and
implement that now. So let's see you will
still do still do a findById. And this
time we're gonna use flatMapIterable.
I'm gonna do a getIngredients on that.
You can see it's like the same filter
statement here, but now we're gonna be
using the functional method outs from
the reactive library of Spring Framework.
I'm just gonna replace this. .single
will reduce it down to a Mono and then
we essentially have the same map here.
And that goes away. Comment that out. So
quite a bit cleaner than what we had.
yeah we know I need that so I definitely
like this refactoring. It's a very good
suggestion. Let's go ahead and run our
unit test. Make sure that this does run
in fact. So I do appreciate suggestions
like that. So I think this is definitely
a cleaner implementation and the student
did a nice job on the refactoring. When I
saw it, I was like, yeah I'm gonna add
this to the course. I think it
definitely improves the readability of
this. So you can see now, it's more of a
functional and if you look at what we
had, you know let's try this, so you can
see here, this is a lot cleaner. I
feel it's more readable. Makes more sense.
We're not jumping in and out of the
reactive libraries and into Java 8
streams and then back. We are utilizing
this pretty well now and it's a fine
point but I think it's a nice
refactoring. So I'm pretty happy with
that.
The suggestion is actually a really good
suggestion. Let's go ahead and close this.
And I am gonna get rid of this code
here but I am gonna leave the other
commented code just for our reference as we
refactored through this.